open_source_licenses.txt

VMware PowerCLI 13.0.0 GA
======================================================================

The following copyright statements and licenses apply to various open
source software packages (or portions thereof) that are distributed with
this VMware Product.

The VMware Product may also include other VMware components, which may
contain additional open source software packages. One or more such
open_source_licenses.txt files may therefore accompany this VMware
Product.

The VMware Product that includes this file does not necessarily use all
the open source software packages referred to below and may also only
use portions of a given package.

==================== TABLE OF CONTENTS ====================

The following is a listing of the open source components detailed in
this document. This list is provided for your convenience; please read
further if you wish to review the copyright notice(s) and the full text
of the license associated with each component.

SECTION 1: BSD-STYLE, MIT-STYLE, OR SIMILAR STYLE LICENSES

   >>> openssl-1.1.1s

-------------------- SECTION 1: BSD-STYLE, MIT-STYLE, OR SIMILAR STYLE LICENSES --------------------

   >>> openssl-1.1.1s

       License : OpenSSL

       ADDITIONAL LICENSE INFORMATION

       > CC0-1.0

       cayman_openssl-b0e327e74b00150773a45a3e11440891bca42b41/openssl/COPYRIGHT.spdx.template

       Copyright (c) 2021 VMWare Inc.

       See SECTION 1 in 'LICENSE TEXT REFERENCE TABLE'


==================== LICENSE TEXT REFERENCE TABLE ====================

-------------------- SECTION 1 --------------------
DataLicense: CC0-1.0



======================================================================

To the extent any open source components are licensed under the GPL
and/or LGPL, or other similar licenses that require the source code
and/or modifications to source code to be made available (as would be
noted above), you may obtain a copy of the source code corresponding to
the binaries for such open source components and modifications thereto,
if any, (the "Source Files"), by downloading the Source Files from
VMware's website at http://www.vmware.com/download/open_source.html, or
by sending a request, with your name and address to: VMware, Inc., 3401
Hillview Avenue, Palo Alto, CA 94304, United States of America. All such
requests should clearly specify: OPEN SOURCE FILES REQUEST, Attention
General Counsel. VMware shall mail a copy of the Source Files to you on
a CD or equivalent physical medium. This offer to obtain a copy of the
Source Files is valid for three years from the date you acquired this
Software product. Alternatively, the Source Files may accompany the
VMware product.

[POWERCLIIMAGEBUILDER1300GA111122]
