open_source_licenses.txt

VMware PowerCLI 13.1 GA
======================================================================

The following copyright statements and licenses apply to various open
source software packages (or portions thereof) that are distributed with
this VMware Product.

The VMware Product may also include other VMware components, which may
contain additional open source software packages. One or more such
open_source_licenses.txt files may therefore accompany this VMware
Product.

The VMware Product that includes this file does not necessarily use all
the open source software packages referred to below and may also only
use portions of a given package.

==================== TABLE OF CONTENTS ====================

The following is a listing of the open source components detailed in
this document. This list is provided for your convenience; please read
further if you wish to review the copyright notice(s) and the full text
of the license associated with each component.



SECTION 1: BSD-STYLE, MIT-STYLE, OR SIMILAR STYLE LICENSES

   >>> newtonsoft.json-10.0.3
   >>> dotnet-wcf-2.0.0
   >>> jsonsubtypes-1.8.0
   >>> SharpZipLib-1.3.3



-------------------- SECTION 1: BSD-STYLE, MIT-STYLE, OR SIMILAR STYLE LICENSES --------------------

   >>> newtonsoft.json-10.0.3

       The MIT License (MIT)

       Copyright (c) 2007 James Newton-King

       Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of
       this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in
       the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to
       use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of
       the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so,
       subject to the following conditions:

       The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
       copies or substantial portions of the Software.

       THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
       IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS
       FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR
       COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER
       IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN
       CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.


   >>> dotnet-wcf-2.0.0

       The MIT License (MIT)

       Copyright (c) .NET Foundation and Contributors

       All rights reserved.

       Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
       of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
       in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
       to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
       copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
       furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

       The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
       copies or substantial portions of the Software.

       THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
       IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
       FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
       AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
       LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
       OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
       SOFTWARE.

       ADDITIONAL LICENSE INFORMATION :

       wcf-2.0.0.tar.gz\wcf-2.0.0.tar\wcf-2.0.0\THIRD-PARTY-NOTICES.TXT

       .NET Core uses third-party libraries or other resources that may be
       distributed under licenses different than the .NET Core software.

       Attributions and license notices for test cases originally authored by
       third parties can be found in the respective test directories.

       In the event that we accidentally failed to list a required notice, please
       bring it to our attention. Post an issue or email us:

                  dotnet@microsoft.com

       The attached notices are provided for information only.

       License notice for Bouncy Castle
       --------------------------------

       Bouncy Castle C# Crypto Library v1.7.4137.9688
       Copyright (c) 2000-2014 The Legion of the Bouncy Castle Inc. (http://www.bouncycastle.org)
       Provided for Informational Purposes Only
       MIT License 
       Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the Software), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions: 
       The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.
       THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF 
       MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND 
       NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE 
       LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION 
       OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION 
       WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

       License notice for .NET Foundation and Contributors (CoreFX)
       ------------------------------------------------------------

       The MIT License (MIT)

       Copyright (c) .NET Foundation and Contributors

       Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
       of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
       in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
       to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
       copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
       furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

       The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
       copies or substantial portions of the Software.

       THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
       IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
       FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
       AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
       LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
       OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
       SOFTWARE.


   >>> jsonsubtypes-1.8.0

       MIT License

       Copyright (c) 2017 Emmanuel Counasse

       Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
       of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
       in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
       to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
       copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
       furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

       The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
       copies or substantial portions of the Software.

       THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
       IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
       FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
       AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
       LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
       OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
       SOFTWARE.



   >>> SharpZipLib-1.3.3



======================================================================

To the extent any open source components are licensed under the GPL
and/or LGPL, or other similar licenses that require the source code
and/or modifications to source code to be made available (as would be
noted above), you may obtain a copy of the source code corresponding to
the binaries for such open source components and modifications thereto,
if any, (the "Source Files"), by downloading the Source Files from
VMware's website at http://www.vmware.com/download/open_source.html, or
by sending a request, with your name and address to: VMware, Inc., 3401
Hillview Avenue, Palo Alto, CA 94304, United States of America. All such
requests should clearly specify: OPEN SOURCE FILES REQUEST, Attention
General Counsel. VMware shall mail a copy of the Source Files to you on
a CD or equivalent physical medium. This offer to obtain a copy of the
Source Files is valid for three years from the date you acquired this
Software product. Alternatively, the Source Files may accompany the
VMware product.

[POWERCLICOMMON131GAAS032323]